[DOC] tours (#11467)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/backend/testing.rst

   def test_your_test(self):
       # Optional Setup
       self.start_tour("/web", "your_tour_name", login="admin")
       # Optional verifications

Writing an onboarding tour
--------------------------

> The main purpose of the onboarding tours is to guide the user. They can be started with the

Reviewer: Considering that you have a "Running onboardng tours" section, I would remove "The main purpose of the onboarding tours is to guide the user." completely and move the rest in that section.

> The main purpose of the onboarding tours is to guide the user. They can be started with the
> checkbox in the user menu that will run all the onboarding tours in their sequence order.
> 
> .. image:: testing/tour_user_menu.png
>    :align: center

Reviewer: Actually I don't think that you need to add (and maintain) an image just for that:

```suggestion
The main purpose of the onboarding tours is to guide the user. They can all be started in their sequence order by toggling the :guilabel:`Onboarding` option in the user menu.
```

Structure
~~~~~~~~~

To write an onboarding tour for `your_module`, start with creating the required files:

.. code-block:: text

    your_module
    ├── ...
    ├── data
    |   └── your_tour.xml

>     ├── static
>     |   └── src
>     |       └── js
>     |           └── tours
>     |               └── your_tour.js

Reviewer: Alternatively:
```suggestion
    ├── static/src/js/tours/your_tour.js
```

    └── __manifest__.py

You can then update :file:`__manifest__.py` to add :file:`your_tour.js` in the assets and :file:`your_tour.xml` in the data.

  .. code-block:: python

     'data': [
        'data/your_tour.xml',
     ],
     'assets': {
         'web.assets_backend': [
             'your_module/static/src/js/tours/your_tour.js',
         ],
     },

Javascript
~~~~~~~~~~

> The javascript part is the same as for the test tour.
> 
> .. seealso::
>    - :ref:`testing/javascript/test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The javascript part is the same as for ref:`the test tour <testing/javascript/test>`.
```

XML
~~~

When you have your tour in the javascript registry, you can create a record `web_tour.tour` in the xml, like that:

  .. code-block:: xml

      <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
      <odoo>
          <record id="your_tour" model="web_tour.tour">
              <field name="name">your_tour</field>
              <field name="sequence">10</field>
              <field name="rainbow_man_message">Congrats, that was a great tour</field>
          </record>
      </odoo>

- **name**: Required, the name must be the same as the one in the
  javascript registry.

> - **sequence**: Optional, will determine the order to execute the
>   onboarding tours, If no ``sequence``, has a default value of 1000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **sequence**: Optional; determines the order to execute the
  onboarding tours. Defaults to 1000.
```

> - **name**: Required, the name must be the same as the one in the
>   javascript registry.
> - **sequence**: Optional, will determine the order to execute the
>   onboarding tours, If no ``sequence``, has a default value of 1000.
> - **url**: Optional, the url where to start the tour. If no ``url``,
>   take the url from the registry.
> - **rainbow_man_message**: Optional, will show the message in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: Required, the name must be the same as the one in the
  javascript registry.
- `sequence`: Optional, will determine the order to execute the
  onboarding tours, If no ``sequence``, has a default value of 1000.
- `url`: Optional, the url where to start the tour. If no ``url``,
  take the url from the registry.
- `rainbow_man_message`: Optional, will show the message in the
```

  rainbow man effect at the completion of the tour. If no ``rainbow_man_message``,
  there is a default value. If you do not want a rainbow_man effect, then specify

>   the field and write nothing as value.

Reviewer: Same as for `sequence`

> Running onboarding tour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running onboarding tours
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Like said previously, you can activate the onboarding tour with the checkbox in user menu,
> but you can also run specific ones through the menu: ``Settings/Technical/User Interface/Tours``.
> In this view you'll get all the onboarding tours and you can execute them by clicking on `onboarding` or `testing`.

Reviewer: With moving the intro here in mind:
```suggestion
You can run specific onboarding tours by going to the :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> User Interface --> Tours` and clicking on :guilabel:`Onboarding` or :guilabel:`Testing`.
```

Reviewer: Given that this explanation is straightforward, I think that the second image should be removed too.

.. image:: testing/tours_view.png
   :align: center

- **Onboarding**: will execute the tour in interactive mode. That means the tour will show what to do and
  wait for interactions from the user.
- **Testing**: will execute the tour automatically. That means the tour will be executing all the step in
  front of the user.

Tour recorder
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can also create tour easily with the tour recorder, that will popup by clicking on `Record` on the
> onboarding tours view. When started, this tool will record all your interactions in Odoo.
> 
> The created tours are listed in the onboarding tours view as `custom`. these tours can also
> be exported to javascript file, ready to be put in your module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also create tours easily with the tour recorder. To do so, click on :guilabel:`Record` on the
onboarding tours view. When started, this tool will record all your interactions in Odoo.

The created tours are flagged in the onboarding tours view as **Custom**. These tours can also
be exported to a javascript file, ready to be put in your module.
```

   def test_your_test(self):
       # Optional Setup
       self.start_tour("/web", "your_tour_name", login="admin")
       # Optional verifications

Writing an onboarding tour
--------------------------

Structure
~~~~~~~~~

To write an onboarding tour for `your_module`, start with creating the required files:

.. code-block:: text

    your_module
    ├── ...
    ├── data
    |   └── your_tour.xml
    ├── static/src/js/tours/your_tour.js
    └── __manifest__.py

You can then update :file:`__manifest__.py` to add :file:`your_tour.js` in the assets and :file:`your_tour.xml` in the data.

  .. code-block:: python

     'data': [
        'data/your_tour.xml',
     ],
     'assets': {
         'web.assets_backend': [
             'your_module/static/src/js/tours/your_tour.js',
         ],
     },

Javascript
~~~~~~~~~~

> The javascript part is the same as for ref: `the test tour <testing/javascript/test>`.

Reviewer: Broken ref
```suggestion
The javascript part is the same as for :ref:`the test tour <testing/javascript/test>`.
```

  - only works locally
  - only works if the test / tour can run correctly locally

Run test tour via browser

> *************************

Reviewer: I think it's fine as "Run via browser" considering it's a nested section.

Run test tour via browser
*************************

Tours can also be launched via the browser UI, either by calling
Test tours can also be launched via the browser UI by calling

.. code-block:: javascript

    odoo.startTour(tour_name);
    odoo.startTour("tour_name");

in the javascript console, or by enabling :ref:`tests mode
<frontend/framework/tests_debug_mode>` by setting ``?debug=tests`` in
the URL, then selecting **Start Tour** in the debug menu and picking a
tour:

> .. image:: testing/tours.png

Reviewer: Remove the image as well.
